README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Front end, with placeholder API
Signed-off-by: Geoffrey Wiseman <geoffrey.wiseman@codiform.com>

README.md, after:

# Corporate Jargon Translator

A demonstration repository for building a corporate jargon translator using large language models. This is a deliberately simple project to make it easier to read and comprehend what's going on.

In the hopes that this will be useful for others, I'm doing the work in steps, and using branches to separate the steps so tha you can follow along.

If you want to start at the beginning, start with the main branch.

## Branch: NextJS 

This branch adds a NextJS front end to the project.  It's a very simple front-end: a text area and a button, as well as output:

![Screenshot of the front end in its initial state](./docs/form-empty.png)

This is just a UI, the LLM hasn't been integrated yet. To ensure the front end doesn't break, there's a placeholder API route that will randomly return a placeholder translation or error:

![Screenshot of the front end in its initial state](./docs/form-success.png)
![Screenshot of the front end in its initial state](./docs/form-error.png)

## Running the project
You can run it in dev mode using one of the standard commands from your tool of choice (`yarn dev` or `npm run dev` or `pnpm dev`), and you may need to install dependencies first (`npm install` or `yarn install` or `pnpm install`).
